README.md, before:

# Combine media queries

> Combine matching media queriries into one media query definition. Useful for CSS generated by CSS preprocessors using nested media queries written mobile-first.

This was written as a solution to a problem we have using LESS CSS for our mobile first sites.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-combine-media-queries --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-combine-media-queries');
```

## The "cmq" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `cmq` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cmq: {
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

Currently there aren't any options

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options
In this example, all the css files in `test` are processed, minified and moved to the folder `tmp` with a file extension of '.min.css'

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cmq: {
    options: {
      report: 'min',
      ext: '.min.css',
      log: false
    },
    your_target: {
      files: {
        'tmp': ['test/*.css']
      }
    }
  }
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
Breaking change task name changed to `cmq`
Initial release. Currently only works for CSS written mobile-first and will only order by 'min-width'.

Commit message:

Updated README.md to include information about options

README.md, after:

# Combine media queries

> Combine matching media queriries into one media query definition. Useful for CSS generated by preprocessors using nested media queries written mobile-first. Minifies CSS by default.

This was written as a solution to a problem we have using LESS CSS for our mobile first sites.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.1`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-combine-media-queries --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-combine-media-queries');
```

## The "cmq" task

### Overview
In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `cmq` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cmq: {
    your_target: {
      // Target-specific file lists and/or options go here.
    },
  },
})
```

### Options

#### report
Choices: `false`, `'min'`, `'gzip'`
Default: `false`

Either do not report anything, report only minification result, or report minification and gzip results.
Using `'gzip'` will make the task take 5-10x longer to complete.

Example ouput using `'gzip'`:

```
Original: 198444 bytes.
Minified: 101615 bytes.
Gzipped:  20084 bytes.
```

#### log

Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

Get an overview of the processed media queries in the log.

### Usage Examples

#### Default Options
In this example, all the css files in `test` are processed, minified and moved to the folder `tmp` with a file extension of '.min.css'

```js
grunt.initConfig({
  cmq: {
    options: {
      report: 'min',
      log: false
    },
    your_target: {
      files: {
        'tmp': ['test/*.css']
      }
    }
  }
})
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/).

## Release History
Breaking change task name changed to `cmq`
Initial release. Currently only works for CSS written mobile-first and will only order by 'min-width'.
